A motivated individual with in-depth knowledge of languages and development tools, seeking a position in a growth-oriented company where I can use my skills to the advantage of the company while having the scope to develop my own skills.

1. Tell me about yourself.
I've been working in UI Design and Development for about a 2-3 year now. 
Most of my experience has been in e-commerce and retail, but I also have some SaaS experience. I'm passionate about creating long-term value for the customer, especially in the EdTech space. During my last project, I developed an online classroom environment for a media company, which we then used to sell video learning experiences (mostly workshops) to enterprise customers. I know that your company is developing similar online learning products, and I'd like to work with you on them.

2. What attracted you to our company?
I've seen your company consistently listed as one of the top places to work. I've read employee testimonials and heard of your enthusiasm for encouraging employee growth through education, training, and vast resources. I already know that engaged employees produce better work, and that is evident in the most recent campaign you created. I would love to join your innovative team, continue to create great work, and grow within the company by learning new skills.

3. Tell me about your strengths.
	Enjoys software development and writing code.
	Passioned about maintaining quality, secure and performace optimized code.
	Creative and critical thinking.
4. What are your weaknesses?
	Don’t understand the bussines
	Some are hard to communicate with

5. Where do you see yourself in five years?
In five years, I would like to become an engineering lead or team manager. As a full-stack web developer with your business, I know I would be able to take on a number of wide-ranging responsibilities related to the company’s web efforts. This would help me refine my knowledge of all areas of the company’s stack, which could then be applied in a managerial role further down the line.

6. Can you tell me about a time where you encountered a business challenge? How did you overcome it?
7. What are the most important things you are looking for in your next role?
I am excited by the opportunity to work with an innovative, successful company such as your own. I look forward to utilizing the experience I have in technology to help streamline a company’s products for even more successful implementation.
8. Why are you leaving your current job?
"Experience is the best teacher in the world, I've learned so many things from my current company and I'm really thankful for all the people are working there. They helped me whenever there is necessity. But sometimes you need to concentrate on your goals and sometime you feel to use your knowledge, on such thought it'd be better if we look for better opportunities. I've learnt lot and I'll learn wherever knowledge is available. So I'm doing 'abc' kind of work but I really enjoy's 'xyz' kind of work. And thankfully you are looking for 'xyz' kind of knowledgeable persons. Based upon my knowledge and my hard work I think i'm suitable person for this position"
9. What are your salary expectations?
My current total compensation is X. Money’s not the most important thing, what I’m looking for is the right fit. I’m negotiable
10. Do you have any questions for me?
2. Why should we hire you?
I am the best fit for this job profile, due to my outstanding programming (C, C++, C#, HTML, and .Net), networking, analytical and problem solving skills. Also, I have practical experience in many Operating Systems.
3. Why do you want to work here?
I worked for a software company recently. For me, the draw of such a place was two-fold. Firstly, I have a desire to see my creations take shape and for people to use them. Secondly, it was about learning new skills and development methods as I crave the knowledge.
4. What are your goals?
become an expert in a domain, technology, or language such as Performance, Machine Learning, or Javascript
6. When were you most satisfied in your job?
7. What can you do for us that other candidates can't?
I’m an innovative person who wants to get associated with a team that builds great branding strategies. I have done many marketing campaigns during my class projects and my previous internship, and I am aware of the challenges I might face in this job and know how to deal with it. I have three important abilities that most of the candidates cannot offer: With my problem-solving skill, I can improve the campaign performance, have complete knowledge about social media campaigns, and have good experience in email marketing. Combining my knowledge and hard work for this industry, I am pretty sure I will prove to be an ideal candidate for this job.
10. If you were an animal, which one would you want to be?

How Did You Hear About This Position?
You have a colleague or friend in the company who suggested you apply or mentioned they were hiring
--Why Do You Want to Work at This Company?
--Why Do You Want This Job?
--Why Should We Hire You?
--What Are Your Greatest Strengths?
--What Do You Consider to Be Your Weaknesses?
--What Is Your Greatest Professional Achievement?
Tell Me About a Challenge or Conflict You’ve Faced at Work, and How You Dealt With It.
Tell Me About a Time You Demonstrated Leadership Skills.
What’s a Time You Disagreed With a Decision That Was Made at Work?
Tell Me About a Time You Made a Mistake.
Tell Me About a Time You Failed.
--Why Are You Leaving Your Current Job?
What’s Your Current Salary?
What Do You Like Least About Your Job?
What Are You Looking for in a New Position?
What Type of Work Environment Do You Prefer?
What’s Your Management Style?
How Would Your Boss and Coworkers Describe You?
How Do You Deal With Pressure or Stressful Situations?
What Do You Like to Do Outside of Work?
Are You Planning on Having Children?
How Do You Prioritize Your Work?
What Are You Passionate About?
What Motivates You?
2. Learning new Stuff and Evolving
For better or worst, programming involves endless learning. Every day you get to work with a new framework, see some new code, learn a new API, etc. This process of self-improvement is very gratifying. Every day you’re a bit smarter than the day before. Comparing this to a video game, you’re gaining experience points and levels with each new thing you learn.

3. Making a Work of Art
While some programmers like to get things done as quickly as possible, others like to think of their code as a beautiful creation. That variable was named exactly right. And that class was so nicely decoupled from that other class. And those tests cover my code base perfectly. It goes on. One can look at his own code for hours, admiring the beauty.

Creating readable, maintainable, clean code is not a bad thing by any means. Sure, it might be disheartening when another programmer brutally destroys your creation with an ugly patch. But overall, it’s very satisfying to make something beautiful.

4. Challenges
Unlike some other professions, there’s always a new challenge in software engineering. We are constantly thrown into the water, having to learn to swim all over again. You might have to create a huge application in a short time. Or maybe to develop an impossible algorithm. Or solve a bug where you don’t even know how to begin.

It can be difficult to face challenges so often, but it’s also interesting. The bigger the challenge, the more interesting it is. And it’s also very rewarding when you get over the challenge.

What Are Your Pet Peeves?
	1. Everything is Top Priority.
	2. Poorly Written Documentation.

How Do You Like to Be Managed?
I like working closely with my managers and knowing what my tasks are in advance. I am fine working independently or in teams on projects. I like brainstorming independently and bringing my ideas to the table to help drive innovation on projects. I welcome any and all feedback from my managers to improve as an employee.

What’s Your Dream Job?
	become a project managere. who deside all the thinks of a project. deadlines, project flow, working languages etc.
What Other Companies Are You Interviewing With?
1. I’m still pretty early in my job search. I’ve applied to a number of opportunities that will allow me to use my skills in data visualization to help educate clients, but this position is most exciting to me. In fact, I think this position is a particularly good fit for my skill set because I can leverage my significant experience working with complicated data sets.

2. I’m interviewing with a few companies for a range of positions, but they all come down to delivering an excellent customer experience. I wanted to keep an open mind about how to best achieve that goal, but so far it seems that this role will really allow me to focus all of my energy on customer experience and retention, which I find very appealing.

What Makes You Unique?
What Should I Know That’s Not on Your Resume?
My interpersonal skills are highly developed. You’ve seen the achievements on my resume, but the reason I’ve done all those things is how I relate to people. I get along well with clients, coworkers, direct reports, and managers because I care about the other stakeholders, and they feel it. When we were about to lose a key client last year, I took the time to find out why. Through working with our sales and development teams, I was able to find a solution that made everybody happy. The client signed on for 10% more business.

What Would Your First 30, 60, or 90 Days Look Like in This Role?
https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/starting-new-job/30-60-90-day-plan
What Do You Think We Could Do Better or Differently?
When Can You Start?
Are You Willing to Relocate?
How Many Tennis Balls Can You Fit Into a Limousine?
If You Were an Animal, Which One Would You Want to Be?
Sell Me This Pen.
Is There Anything Else You’d Like Us to Know?
Do You Have Any Questions for Us?
